2018.3:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed EDID read failures when HDMI cable length is longer issue
 * Bug Fix: Removed un-used pin (IDT_8T49N241_RST_OUT) in ZCU104
 * Bug Fix: Removed overriding of the PSS_REF_CLK for ZCU104
 * Feature Enhancement: Add example design topology (Pass-through + I2S Audio) for ZCU102 (One system configuration only)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added two Interrupt in HDMI TX detecting Video Bridge FIFO status (overflow and underflow)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (v_tpg from 7.0 to 8.0)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (microblaze from 10.0 to 11.0)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for XC7Z012S Zynq Device
 * Feature Enhancement: HPD detection enhancement
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 3.1
 * No changes

2018.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Bug Fix: Fixed occasional color shift when using AXI4-Stream interface with YUV420 at resolutions other than UHD
 * Bug Fix: Fixed occasional AXI4-Stream Bridge FIFO overflow when changing resolutions
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Example Design to write out correct Zynq UltraScale+ parameters to enable FSBL for SD Card boot
 * Bug Fix: Fixed sending of GCP packet during vertical blanking in deep color mode
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the Zynq Ultrscale+ PS settings to match the demo board for FSBL support
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (vid_phy_controller from v2.1 to v2.2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design AXILITE Configuration Support (50Mhz, 100Mhz, 150Mhz, 200Mhz)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design new board supports (VCU118, ZCU104, ZCU106)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (clk_wiz from 5.4 to 6.0)
 * Other: Added AXI4-Stream Video Bridge lock to software interface to improve video lock detection
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Allow axi4-lite to read Aud_Reset and TMDSClkRatio registers bits
 * Bug Fix: Fixed HBR Audio support issue
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Audio Channel Swapping issue in Audio Pattern Generator
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 3.0
 * Bug Fix: Synchronized AXI master reset for all processor blocks
 * Bug Fix: Updated ACR controller to support HDMI 2.0
 * Bug Fix: Updated to block reading VTC register when no video clock is present
 * Bug Fix: Updated Example Design C_HDMI_FAST_SWITCH to have default as true
 * Bug Fix: Implemented synchronous axis reset to fix Vivado DRC warnings
 * Bug Fix: Updated axis reset to be fully synchronous
 * Bug Fix: Added YUV420 and YUV444 support to video mask
 * Bug Fix: Updated DDC peripheral to support longer clock stretching
 * Bug Fix: Updated axis clock to 150Mhz for 4PPC for better timing closure
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (vid_phy_controller from v2.0 to v2.1)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design topology supports (TX-Only, RX-Only, Pass-through)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design VPHY Configuration Support (NI-DRU Enable/Disable, TXPLL selection, RXPLL selection)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design new board supports (ZCU102, ZCU106)
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design subcore addressing mechanism changed from auto-assign to fix address
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Timing violation in Exdes for Zynq devices
 * Feature Enhancement: Added HBR Audio Feature
 * Feature Enhancement: Introduced video mask feature
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed running disparity issue in HDMI TX TMDS encoder module to pass 7-16, 7-17, HF1-12 compliance tests
 * Bug Fix: Fixed scrambler synchronization issue
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Audio instability issue while sending low resolution video
 * Bug Fix: Fixed CDC issues
 * Bug Fix: Reduce BRAM usage in Example design to 512K with HDCP or 256K without HDCP
 * Bug Fix: Tie vid_phy_controller input pins vid_phy_tx_axi4s_aresetn and vid_phy_tx_axi4s_aresetn to HIGH
 * Bug Fix: Suppresspress BD warnings by using connect_bd_net -quiet
 * Bug Fix: Remove Microblaze cache settings from Example design as those are disabled parameters
 * Bug Fix: Improve CPU SS reset mechanism
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design supporting core upversion (clk_wiz from 5.3 to 5.4, Microblaze from 9.6 to 10.0)
 * Feature Enhancement: Integrated HLS based remapper feature into video bridge subcore
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Vivado Example Design support for ZC706 Board.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Resolved Combinatorial Logic Critical Warning when enabling HDCP 2.2
 * Bug Fix: Fixed HDCP mapping to suppress SUGGESTED_PRIOITY warning when validating Vivado IP Integrator design
 * Bug Fix: Fixed error when setting the s_axi_cpu_aclk to something other than 100MHz
 * Bug Fix: Fixed DDC state machine which forced SDA data low in the last state and can cause HDCP authentication to fail
 * Feature Enhancement: Added a HPD toggle function to the HDMI TX core. This update was required to solve an issue related to HDCP compliance testing.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added HDCP auto-switching between 1.4 and 2.2
 * Feature Enhancement: Added HDCP repeater mode support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added HPD polarity control in GUI.
 * Feature Enhancement: Integrated reference design Vivado release. It is now available as a Vivado Example Design. Supports KC705 and KCU105 Boards.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added option to Enable/Disable Remapper
 * Fixed DVI mode so that no HDMI Info frames are sent causing DVI monitors to sometimes fail
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Added Native video interface to increase user flexibility and optimize resource
 * Added support for HDCP 1.4 and 2.2
 * Added ability to disable sending of info frames in DVI mode
 * Added 3D video support
 * Fixed audio channel swap for some audio formats
 * Fixed issue with Audio Info Frames not being sent in pass-through mode
 * Fixed issue with Link Clock failing to run at 297MHz with Hardware Evaluation License
 * Changed the license type in IP Catalog to be "Purchase" which was incorrectly marked as "Included"
 * Added XC7Z015clg485 device support
 * Updated the GUI display to have "Number of pixels per clock on Video Interface"
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial Release
 * HDMI 1.4 and 2.0 Source
 * Single, dual, and quad pixel-wide video interface
 * Video resolutions up to UHD @ 60 fps
 * Video encoding RGB 4:4:4, YCbCr 4:4:4, YCbCr 4:2:2, and YCbCr 4:2:0
 * Deep color support (24, 30, 36 and 48-bits per pixel)
 * Audio support for up to 8 channels and sample rates up to 192 kHz
 * Supports info frames, DDC, EDID, hot plug, SCDC and scrambler
 * Optional HDCP 1.4 support
 * Supports Video and Audio over AXI-S and control/status over AXI-lite interfaces

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2018 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
